ABOUT RAPID AIR

RapidAir was founded in 2014. At Rapidair, we strive to provide a premium quality necessity that isn't always available...

Fresh, clean air!

Air is vital to ones wellbeing.

RapidAir believes everyone should be entitled to fresh clean air, but we know that isn't always possible due to where they are located. 
However, we make the impossible, possible. 
Our goal is to continually progress towards perfection. 
We are committed to finding the best possible air, capturing it in an unsurpassed method, and supplying it to our customers in a never seen before approach. 
We are a legendary company.

With that in mind, RapidAir was founded. 
Fred felt the need to provide fresh clean air to everyone who couldn't access it, but had no idea where to start on capturing the air. 
He made several phone calls to his friends and acquaintances and surely enough, he was able to find another person who shared the same vision as Fred. 
The phone call was to Jennifer, who as a former Commercial Diver possesses all the knowledge and qualities needed to Enhance Rapid, One Breath At A Time.

One week later our adventure began, and RapidAir was founded.
 
WHY WE STARTED RAPID AIR
We're entrepreneurs, nature lovers and people with ambition. There was a demand in the marketplace being met by poor quality products.

Existing products used canned and bagged air and wasted so much. 
We built innovative technology that gives the customer far more air and far more value.
The competition was collecting normal air that didn't offer a unique experience. 
So we began capturing the freshest mountain air to give the best quality breathing.
Pricing made buying air difficult to afford. 
Our technology makes bottling air and delivering it cheaper than it's ever been.

So why did we start RapidAir? Because we think this product matters, and we knew there was a better way of giving it people. 
We're committed to delivering the best, and our customers are getting an unsurpassed product as a result.