THE COMPANY FOUNDERS

FRED BLAM
Founder & CEO of RapidAir
Fred is the founder of rapidair. His story began as a struggling university student. 
Someone who couldn't focus on school as he was distracted and fascinated with commerce, specifically e-commerce.
Mr. Blam enjoys e-commerce as he feels it helps to make the world a smaller place. 
With the Internet, we are able to reach farther than ever before, and Mr. Blam is able to help others he wouldn't otherwise have been able to help!
Shortly after Fred completed his education at the University of Alberta in the School of business, personal interests quickly took over. 
He ran a very successful security business, but mainly dedicated his time in helping people secure mortgages in the finance world.
With Blam's passion on providing fresh clean air to everyone, he has decided to put all of that aside and initiate a business that will allow people from all over the world to experience health and wellness. 
Health and wellness they otherwise would not have been able to experience on a daily basis. 
With RapidAir, we are able to bring a essential necessity, such as fresh clean air to anyone, anywhere.
Fred will use his experience in personal security, as well as his sales experience with mortgages to head up RapidAir to ensure that we are constantly progressing towards perfection.

Jennifer Right
JENNIFER RIGHT
Co-Founder & COO of RapidAir
Jennifer is the Co-founder and Chief Operating Officer for RapidAir. She brings a wealth of experience and knowledge to this business. 
As a former commercial diver and Journeyman Red Seal Welder, Jennifer is able to have a diverse understanding of the importance of delivering fresh clean air.
As Jennifer was growing up, she was always the first kid out the door and the last kid in. 
Jennifer spent most of her youth being raised outdoors at the lake. Her values and love of fresh air stemmed from those days at the lake with her Grandparents. 
Growing up in Alberta, nature, fresh air and the great Canadian Rocky Mountains were never hard to find.
Jennifer feels right at home with nature. 
That passion and love for nature will carry on through the products and our premium air that we will be delivering to you. 

We believe that our customers should have the same opportunity to breathe the fresh air that we do.
With Jennifer's hands on skills and Fred's passion for e-commerce, we together will offer an experience like no other. 
No matter where you live in the world, you too can breathe clean, fresh air.